Adding disable/gray image props in ImageData when rescaled (#1347)
eclipse-platform/eclipse.platform.swt: examples/org.eclipse.swt.snippets/Snippets.md

- [draw a reflection of an image](https://github.com/eclipse-platform/eclipse.platform.swt/tree/master/examples/org.eclipse.swt.snippets/src/org/eclipse/swt/snippets/Snippet279.java) – [(preview)](https://github.com/eclipse-platform/eclipse.platform.swt/blob/master/examples/org.eclipse.swt.snippets/previews/Snippet279.png "Preview for Snippet 279")
- [draw an image scaled to half size and double size](https://github.com/eclipse-platform/eclipse.platform.swt/tree/master/examples/org.eclipse.swt.snippets/src/org/eclipse/swt/snippets/Snippet355.java) – [(preview)](https://github.com/eclipse-platform/eclipse.platform.swt/blob/master/examples/org.eclipse.swt.snippets/previews/Snippet355.png "Preview for Snippet 355")
- [draw an image at various zoom/dpi levels](https://github.com/eclipse-platform/eclipse.platform.swt/tree/master/examples/org.eclipse.swt.snippets/src/org/eclipse/swt/snippets/Snippet367.java) – [(preview)](https://github.com/eclipse-platform/eclipse.platform.swt/blob/master/examples/org.eclipse.swt.snippets/previews/Snippet367.png "Preview for Snippet 367")

> - [draw a disabled/gray image at various zoom/dpi levels](https://github.com/eclipse-platform/eclipse.platform.swt/tree/master/examples/org.eclipse.swt.snippets/src/org/eclipse/swt/snippets/Snippet382.java) – [(preview)](https://github.com/eclipse-platform/eclipse.platform.swt/blob/master/examples/org.eclipse.swt.snippets/previews/Snippet382.png "Preview for Snippet 382")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [draw a disabled/grayed image at various zoom levels](https://github.com/eclipse-platform/eclipse.platform.swt/tree/master/examples/org.eclipse.swt.snippets/src/org/eclipse/swt/snippets/Snippet382.java) – [(preview)](https://github.com/eclipse-platform/eclipse.platform.swt/blob/master/examples/org.eclipse.swt.snippets/previews/Snippet382.png "Preview for Snippet 382")
```
